chore: Fix aspect ratios of AppIcons images + Document adding our class to external image components (#2031)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/css/src/components/aspect-ratio/README.md

- Apply one of these classes to an image, video or other media content to constrain its dimensions to one of the available aspect ratios.
- The default aspect ratio is 16:9.

> - When dealing with `width` and `height` attributes on an image, the aspect ratio will be calculated based on the values of these attributes and overrule the class. To fix this apply the className `ams-image`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using `width` and `height` attributes on an image (for example, when using the [Next Image component](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/components/image)), the aspect ratio is determined by these values and will take precedence over the class. To correct this, use the class `ams-image`.
```

> - When dealing with `width` and `height` attributes on an image, the aspect ratio will be calculated based on the values of these attributes and overrule the class. Apply `width: 100%` and `height: auto` to the image to fix this.

Reviewer: I think we want users to add the `ams-image` class to all images, which fixes this.

Author: In the case of `NextImage` you still need `inlineSize: 100%` at least.

Reviewer 2: We’re using `inline-size: 100%` in `.ams-image` soon, so that will be included.
